Restructure realtime updater documentation, move SIRI docs out of sandbox (#6566)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: doc/templates/SIRI-Config.md

These updaters support consuming SIRI-ET and SX messages via HTTPS. They aim to support the [Nordic
and EPIP SIRI profiles](./features-explained/Netex-Siri-Compatibility.md) which 
are subsets of the SIRI specification.

For more documentation about the Norwegian profile and data, go to the [Entur Real-Time Data](https://developer.entur.org/pages-real-time-intro) documentation and
the [Norwegian SIRI profile](https://enturas.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PUBLIC/pages/637370420/Norwegian+SIRI+profile).

To enable one of the SIRI updaters you need to add it to the `updaters` section of the `router-config.json`.

## SIRI-ET Request/Response via HTTPS

> This requires there to be a SIRI server that can handle SIRI POST requests, stores requestor refs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires there to be a SIRI server that handles SIRI POST requests, stores requestor refs 
```

and responds only with the newest data.

<!-- INSERT: siri-et-updater -->

## SIRI-SX Request/Response via HTTPS

<!-- INSERT: siri-sx-updater -->

## SIRI-ET Lite

SIRI Lite is 
not very well specified
[[1]](https://nextcloud.leonard.io/s/2tdYdmYBGtLQMfi/download?path=&files=Proposition-Profil-SIRI-Lite-initial-v1-3%20en.pdf)
[[2]](https://normes.transport.data.gouv.fr/normes/siri/profil-france/#protocoles-d%C3%A9change-des-donn%C3%A9es-siri)
but this updater supports the following definition: 

> > Fetching XML-formatted SIRI messages as single GET request rather than the more common request/response 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Fetching XML-formatted SIRI messages as a single GET request rather than the more common request/response 
```
